Mithril update 2025-03-12 (#557)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-03-12-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-03-12-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued working on a prototype 'slave' mode of the aggregator to support the signer registration across multiple aggregators. They also focused on implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, with an emphasis on feature stabilization, production readiness, testing, and optimization. Additionally, they worked on the signature with an IOG key of the ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots.
> 
> Finally, the team fixed the failing builds in the Hydra CI and kept working on supporting the upcoming Cardano node v.10.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued working on a prototype 'slave' mode of the aggregator to support signer registration across multiple aggregators. They also focused on implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, emphasizing feature stabilization, production readiness, testing, and optimization. Additionally, they worked on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key.

Finally, the team fixed failing builds in the Hydra CI and kept working on supporting the upcoming Cardano node v.10.2.
```
